okay boys and girls this is driving in
houston now I'm in the suburbs I believe
of Houston I'm on its highway six or
some and let me tell you something
being blend out here is kind freaking
real I mean I thought Oklahoma adds a
wind holy Canasta this has got to be
worse than Chicago if you'll see that
the Texas flag over there I mean it is
just flip it around like it's going to
rip off that pole any minute I was
walking in walmart no walking into
walmart and the wind sucked my shirt up
over my head I mean obviously I pulled
it back down nobody needs to see that in
living color but um you
so I'm on my way back to the hotel now
and you know it's really not that
everybody was like God driving to
Houstons terrible driving to houston
terrible well i'm in houston and this is
not bad i mean i guess as long as you
avoid that
the rush hour business or whatever i
guess it's okay but
um this is aside from the fact that they
haven't have lanes that there's not a
great deal of bottlenecks anywhere and
the traffic is effectively moving along
like I believe it's supposed to a lot of
people are on the road you know you kind
of have to wonder why there are so many
people oh that's right the unemployment
rates up anyway yeah I've got a head
cold and I sound terrible but I feel fun
I've been eating like somebody's going
to take it away from me down here we
went to Swampy's last night and sloppy's
is not what you would think I mean you
think when you pull up to the place or
be like like nutria rats greeting you at
the door or something but really it's
not it's very very nice at the outside
of the building is just really pretty
and professional looking when you get
inside though it looked like it looks
like Uncle cletus's white trash cabin in
north Arkansas you know like you hear
banjo music or something and they knew
that we were coming there was a number
of people but the Transocean folk were
late so they had called and said well
you know don't get 500 pounds of
crawfish ready because you know we're
going to be late
so obviously weren't that late when we
got there everybody is like winning food
and they're like well you said you were
going to be late so yeah our food wasn't
ready when we got there and so we ended
up ordering something else I still like
crawfish crawfish and I had deep fried
oysters
and that's a first I've never eaten
oysters in my life particularly not deep
fried but they were good they kind of
tasted like same basic consistency is
like chicken livers
it was fun so anyway we had dad and of
course I couldn't eat it all so I
brought it back and that's what I had
for breakfast this morning was my fish
and deep fried oysters remnants and I
think it was catfished I do believe the
sign said get the ax men you said
catfish but that doesn't taste like he
can't fish I've ever had it was clean
didn't taste like dirt I'll look at the
McDonald's McDonald's is different it's
pretty cool looks like the one in bit
and I think anyway there's like discount
tire store next to it tastes will come
over with our lock it or not a knee come
on honey it's all right he did it's all
good I don't know if this guy next to me
is trying to do the same thing but uh
you can get yourself hit um what was I
saying oh yeah I had my my fish in my
shrimp and whatever was left over from
my dinner last night for breakfast I
didn't have to go buy breakfast you know
he's driving a white cougar
oh there must be an automobile accident
up here somewhere because everybody's
trying to hi yeah I'm over here look at
this guy make sure yeah wave at me now
that you're already in mind yeah there
must be a wreck because everybody's like
getting over in front of me go ahead
dude I have nowhere to be on in any kind
of hurry I bought some coffee though so
I don't have to wait for room service to
bring me any
such a girl Oh Bob coffee but forgot to
get a cup nerves
so gas is apparently a dollar I do not
don't think you can see this anyway even
if I do zoom in
that's gas dollar 89 there was really
confusing each other because they're
everybody's trying to get over here and
nobody really knows why they're just
following the guy in front of them
oh it's these whale apparently there was
a wreck whatever that was and it looks
like it just happened to you that are
just some guys in big trucks that are
the tail end their vehicles parked on
the motor road anyway that matter to me
as long as I get back to the hotel in
one piece
so see there's chilis a car wash james
coney island tilted kilt pub and eatery
but there was a good beer
Colette Lord the wind is blowing me all
over the road I need to check and go to
the marble slab
I'm down here
I forgot to check the lives cheering my
gps later
I'm 55.com either slow down
so anyway yeah this is driving in
Houston I don't and I see my hotel ahead
and really that going to the walmart was
really a lot less painful than what it
was made out to be the other night so I
guess I'm going to go now and I'll catch
up with you kids later ciao d